Document spin-client-addr header as optional (#112)
spinframework/spin-docs: content/v3/http-trigger.md

| `spin-matched-route`         | The part of the trigger route that was matched by the route (including the wildcard indicator if present) | `/users/:userid/cart/...` |
| `spin-raw-component-route`   | The component route pattern matched, including the wildcard indicator if present | `/users/:userid/cart/...` |
| `spin-component-route`       | The component route pattern matched, _excluding_ any wildcard indicator | `/users/:userid/cart` |

> | `spin-client-addr`           | The IP address and port of the client (optional; may be disabled or unavailable in some environments) | `127.0.0.1:53152` |

Reviewer: I'm not sure what "disabled" means that's distinct from "unavailable."
```suggestion
| `spin-client-addr`           | The IP address and port of the client. Some Spin runtimes do not set this header. | `127.0.0.1:53152` |
```

(also suggesting reword of 'optional' because yes, from an implementer POV it's optional but from an app POV, it's not something the app can opt into or out of, and these docs are mostly written from an app POV)

(also not sure if "Some runtimes do not set" or "Not all runtimes set" for readability? or something better?)
